Q: I cannot select my IDE CDROM as reading device in the cd copy dialog.
A: K3b currently does only support SCSI devices for cd copy. To use your IDE CDROM for 
   reading please enable SCSI emulation or use the cvs version of cdrdao.


Q: Compiling K3b fails with errors like this:
   base_k3badvanceddataimagesettings.cpp:185: invalid use of undefined type 
   `struct KComboBox'
   base_k3badvanceddataimagesettings.h:17: forward declaration of `struct 
   KComboBox'
A: The QTDesigner tool 'uic' is not able to find the kde widget plugins. 
   To solve this run 'qtconfig' and add '$KDEDIR/lib/kde3/plugins' to the plugin search path 
   (replace $KDEDIR with your kde base dir).


Q: K3b thinks my SCSI device is IDE.
A: If you are using the rpm from SuSE your version of K3bSetup is not able to set the
   permissions that K3b needs the devices to have. The SuSE guys seem to think messing with 
   permissions is too dangerous. It is recommended to always compile from source to have all 
   K3b features.


Q: Where has all the fancy graphic gone?
A: Most likely you installed K3b in the wrong directory. All KDE programs are installed in the 
   KDE dirtree (SuSE: /opt/kde3, RedHat: /usr). If you compile K3b from source it defaults 
   to either $KDEDIR or /usr/local. To install in the correct directory you need to specify the prefix 
   to configure like this:
     ./configure --prefix=`kde-config --prefix`
   That will install K3b relative to the correct path.

Q: The linking always breaks with the missing -laudio.
A: You need to install NAS.

Q: Where can I find K3bSetup2?
A: K3bSetup2 is a KControlCenter Module. You can find it in the System Administration section or start
   it manually with "kdesu kcmshell k3bsetup2".

Q: My writer supports writing at speed X but K3b shows Y as a max.
A: K3b determined the maximum writing speed the first time you start it. Since the speed reported by the 
   writer always depends on the mounted medium this may not be the real max. 
   To manually change it open the K3b settings in the device section and click on the value. You will 
   be presented with a spinbox which allows to change the speed.
